hello people oh alright chill challenge
again I think is that we're doing what
are we trying to achieve with this dear
we'll say top speed okay around a corner
like a speed zone and then we'll also
say a race Oh we'll do those three how
about the Camaro is that 28 1972 cotton
it's a wicked car actually I'm not a
huge Camaro guy nor am i a Chevy guy at
all oh that's z28 ah I'm just saying
Mustangs a battle yeah I just turned the
comments into a massive shitstorm but
what else uh tires keep it all stock
have little grip are you sure okay
you're yellow there's gonna be it can be
fun
so what do we start with you want to
start with top speed plus rate oh well
yeah deal with it
well what am I gonna be
you beat you or what go to don't you
203 201 202 I touched it for a second
ow
a class versus B class though quarters
are connected oh there we go
I did try and make mine good for drag
race oh I really hope I win this where's
Connor where is Sultan Allah
oh yeah I told off the throttle because
I nearly hit Nick somehow you veered
lanes like crazy yeah that's what
happened
whew I I'll be honest I did build mine
as a drag car so that's sort of what
you'd expect can I just say that I am in
a pee class car even though it's 700
slow feet class hey we said the upgrades
so that's not your problem I got all the
upgrades either a someone's mad at
following directions or well something's
up with y'all cabin all right so we're
doing a corner so she got to stalk
trimmers all the rains coming down that
echo though or that background noise of
that car
oh cars oh I'm sliding everywhere
I might as well have built a drift car
here oh that's me off
58 white walk 450 8.9 Connor's left more
smoke than like a blazer who blaze this
white color
Oh No run wide room a time are my miles
an hour
whatever this yard quite 5o what
daughter went for a full on tricking
predators I just I completely just lost
it um I am so bad
55 Jesus alright third attempt I'm
stalling my third of time let's go I hit
a car but I'm still going I know you won
so hard no I didn't you did said you got
fifty 19.9 now I got fifty eight
oh I just got fifty eight point nine
again alright well I go fifty nine yep
bum on that okay I think unless Connor
can pull something out come on by the
looks on the map he's spun
Oh No and sex oh wow
so we did our top speed we did our drag
race only thing left is a proper race
all right I'm gonna be able to go to
jump off the line cuz drank card though
Tom's already come right up the inside
racing line bro I sort of messed up that
corner hopefully admit that we should
have done best drift card mine it's so
what these are walk I just pull that
didn't go to plan this is a smoke
machine we have plenty more time to
catch you up
you sure right I'm closing the gap
which I'm watching you uh-huh no I have
one quarter left to get past Tom watch
it okay
poof my new lady is gonna hit man no yes
it worked just wait wait what's the
Ayrton Senna quote if there's a gap you
go for gap if you don't go for gap you
no longer racing driver also loses it's
still two and two so what's the
tiebreaker uh offeror Greece oh my god
job why also someone's playing outside
rubble I have connect Ofcom it's you
it's not me I can hear it I don't know I
can hear it oh my god
this is scary
I hit a tree
I'm having a bad day today you yeah like
really bad everything's everything that
could possibly happen that's bad hop
Tom's sticking on me I'm not liking it
oh no we're good
no rolling you know what think I missed
the fucking checkpoint
I guess my role you're gonna catch me up
well I think I think if one this high
they're still 63 nerds 40% left oh I
think I think it's done Oh wheelie well
you should have thought no tree zero
points
Hey I don't know you you don't you don't
even commander banter banter banter
banter banter banter add that crust
alike Tom you suck
all right so scholar well I was good
Nick wins you off sorry
you